mobile friends magazine welcome back
on our youtube video channel yes
I'm lucio and I'm a Christian indeed
Thursday
today Thursday and therefore as promised every
Thursday we review a new game a
video game for android were wondering a
comment
there are tablets for smartphones
android and to do so we rely on
her service this planet we've
shown last time now I will
I revise this say store
where you subscribe for an expense
low of 2.99 euros a week
Exactly download everything you want
and from all the games present in the
catalog and are more than 200 and so
paid sum is as if it rained as if
it rains this is a bit of the claim of
rais made this simplified of us
and here among all these raindrops
always put sorbana free
what we downloaded semo downloads
contract killer
zombies lr already under the saying is meta
I play but you don't give up then now
I'll show you here because meanwhile
we also downloaded to show
in short, how many phones you have for
i stay but don't miss out
nothing can be a classic
survival horror
if however, funds with exact zombies is a
bit particular in my opinion has one
structure that fits a lot for
all example
has a mobile game in the sense that it does not
you will have to move bim which is already a
advantage because in any case with the controls
touch e is quite complicated but
you will only have to shoot that is not part of me
amuses laymen so yes but how much blood
because although shit but admitted that
the version is not in the recesses as it is
car to take but no coach e
who wants it to work blood is fine
okay if we talk here a lot already see
we like this kind of revet
apple with guns in hand, always short
disturbing
I therefore the structure is really
simple and immediate just to do for
make you have fun with no frills without it
things you have to turn
here we shoot point created then we say
in this town that has been invaded
from the zombies he would find himself having to
shoot but also depend on the
Exactly yes people very often it is
to defend your partner who
maybe went looking for ammunition
rather than other things or yes
traits to defend some hostages
there is some hostage in some
characters that are around who must
project get on a helicopter for yes
understand why anyway notice to
let me show you now and
select for example a mission that
the one in one of my favorites i
Poles whom one shoots at the helicopter or
of course the game is not an end in itself
same there is there was a country we must
call for help in the sky threatens one
important part the arms in it
this game because it is the part a bit
tactics of the game so depending on
the mission is up to you to choose
the right weapon and naturally progressing
in the game you earn money that
they are used to buy more powerful weapons
more precise
exactly the weapons divide helplessly and
precise and never saying to the powerful
I don't know they are not precise or precise
they are happy this is mine
explanation or okay anyway now
I want to see a demonstration worth more
of 100 explanation
here you are stopped by on this helicopter
no it is the only one is mine under there is yours
friend who is there to sunbathe
pity that around there are a lot of
zombies but now ionio is you can
practically change the view here
maybe I seem to be a bit
killing, feel the vice crosses
good to shoot the feelings of understanding
because sir directly to this
it was just to let people see it is certainly not
which however is theoretically here is the
game is to hit them not only with zombies
watch while already slaughtering yours
friend
then now it is recharging here behold a
you made it
it's one is dead but these are things you think about
I mean for you I want to say that these
pensions body who we have seen is seen
I mean here maybe I should leave
from the bernie is not the water then
naturally I have already gone ahead
they are already at level 3 and also because
some weapons you wo n't be able to use if
you don't have the appropriate level so
we do the weapons of course now
see you buy in this store with
money you accumulated during missions
and will say from normal rifles i
sniper rifles sniper rifles
submachine
sniper hunting sniper up to
get to the give me thermal in the
so like this stick tech med gun
that you also want 100hp more life but
ok of hunger see again for a moment
action because maybe never a level one
little more your reach, that is, one
in the nutella example the level 1 a
another classic and this where you will have to
defend your partner who goes to
shopping goes well because there are i
salt the sun so now I concentrate
more on games because many are good
store listening to the mids she must go
to recover ammunition crates e
then finishing fendi by trying to di
hit but this time not to
miss nothing and there are a game here
which we say can also bring out the
worst side of the euro gas
here is good from the looks that if you don't know
but why do I have to recharge within one
aims that really not but how it has
made to repair them I see three you used the
cd the truth
this I caught him in the head then
meanwhile when I hit her in the head
the famous pavement gains many more
money then in the meantime christian looks
not to make a bad end to his
friend
we can say that he will begin to speak a
bit of the pros and cons of this game
then
Meanwhile, we say it is fun and
intuitive and simple from the point of view
of the controls and therefore immediately a lot
exact engaging and this certainly
also graphically I would say that it is not
not bad all in all added together
cute
however the graphics are functional to
talk about why else they do here
ugly and then after is the wealth of
arms that is the fact that there are
lots of very different weapons too
system to be able to get that
you have to progress products in the game and
all we say is well structured
and it is done tele done well
nice also the fact the possibility of
choose if shoots from afar if
use the viewfinder
luciano but it is true he died on the ground but for
pity we hope our friends that
they will try it no better than us
however, there is sorry for what I end
which instead concerns the cons
perhaps the long tend a little
repetitive because the missions anyway
they are always the static ones of coverage
however common
the right game to make us a game
occasionally let off steam a little above all
on the tram when at 5 minutes you put yourself
there at the games and then you can wait
drivers to be exact next
so in short this is contract killer
zombies is helpless if you rewrite it that you
be very difficult on the reno sub ato e va
well it remains only to greet from the
appointment next week
when we will review the new one
game always downloaded from play planet va
good bye hello